Many documentation changes, corrections etc. (#2475)
hyperledger/iroha: docs/source/integrations/burrow.rst

.. note:: In the context of Iroha, HL Burrow provides an Ethereum Virtual Machine that can run Solidity smart-contracts.
	We did our best to provide you with the best user experience possible – and to use it with Iroha, you only need to add a `CMake flag during Iroha build <../build/index.html#cmake-parameters>`_ and it will start working right away.
	

> 	There are docker official images with HL Burrow Integration, to use them use `hyperledger/iroha-burrow:latest` instead of `hyperledger/iroha:latest`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	There are official docker images built with `Hyperledger Burrow <https://hyperledger.github.io/burrow/#/>` Integration. Please replace `hyperledger/iroha:latest` with `hyperledger/iroha-burrow:latest` to use them.
```
